Documentation update (#1734)
matrix-org/matrix-authentication-service: README.md

> # OAuth2.0 + OpenID Provider for Matrix Homeservers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# OAuth2.0 + OpenID Connect Provider for Matrix Homeservers
```

to avoid confusion with OpenID 1.0

MAS (Matrix Authentication Service) is an OAuth 2.0 and OpenID Provider server for Matrix.

> It has been created to support the migration of Matrix to an OpenID Connect (OIDC) based architecture as per [MSC3861](https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix-doc/pull/3861).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It has been created to support the migration of Matrix to an OpenID Connect (OIDC) based authentication layer as per [MSC3861](https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix-doc/pull/3861).
```

maybe?
